now this process is called grafting and
I'm actually going to create a new
stitch to hold these two sides together
so I am going to take the yarn from the
back one or the front one it really
doesn't matter put it in that blunt
needle and I am going to go and create a
new stitch I take one stitch from this
side and of course this stitch already
has half of the yarn through and I take
it off my needle and go there and take
half of the next one this is the next
stitch I'll take it out so I go and
create a new stitch if you can see it
there it goes I take that other half and
half of the next stitch right there take
it off my needle that is the other half
of the stitch that we left behind and I
will take half of the other stitch go
through that one and this is half of the
last one here and I take the new one and
as you can see we're having a complete
new row of stitches go ahead and grab
the half of the back one and take half
of the next one take it off your needle
I take this one off too...
go through the
half of this one
and half of the next 1/2 of this one and
half of the next one take it off my
needle half of this one and take the
next one and I go through the other half
of the one that I took off and half of
the next stitch take it off
do the same here go through the same one
that you took off on this side get half
of that one take it off your needle take
the half of the one that you left off on
the other side and get half of that one
get it off your needle and we are
creating a complete new row these will
be put back if you want to we can
stretch them put them back in place
because that can be done you can create
the new stitch there as you can see it
it doesn't show I go half of that one
half of the next one that's the other
half take half of the one on this needle
take it off your needle get the other
half here and the other half there take
it off your needle and that's the other
half get at the other half on the other
needle take it off take half of this one
and half of the next one and as you can
see I'm creating a brand new stitch
which is that one I am creating a brand
new stitch and if I want it to
neater I just go and pull that which is
the one stitch that we are creating and
there we go and that's what it looks
like I have to pull the ones at the
beginning a little which I already have
the yarn there put them there and that's
it that's the way grafting goes now
with grafting you are creating a
brand new stitch by knitting back and
forth by sewing it back and forth and on
the other side there is no traces
there's no lines there's no seams there
you go it's you're creating a new stitch
that's the way it looks in the front
that's the way it looks in the back
there you go